[SL Beta 2] Covid19 connector doc comment update and update client class to isolated. (#234)
ballerina-platform/ballerinax-openapi-connectors: openapi/covid19/Module.md

## Overview

> This is a generated connector from [Novel Covid19 API version 3.0.0](https://disease.sh/docs/) OpenAPI Specification.

Reviewer: Please update all doc comments to `COVID-19` appropriately. Refer https://github.com/wso2-enterprise/choreo/issues/6490
```suggestion
This is a generated connector from [Novel COVID-19 API version 3.0.0](https://disease.sh/docs/) OpenAPI Specification.
```
